NAME
replay – replay program execution.

SYNOPSIS
replay [options] program-path [program-args]

DESCRIPTION
 The replay utility is part of the Castor record/replay system. It replays
 program execution from a log which was captured using the record(1) utility.

 To do this, the replay utility spawns a new process to run the program at
 program-path with program-args and loads the castor runtime into the
 program's address space at startup. The runtime intercepts all
 non-deterministic events and replays them based on contents of
 the replay log which is read in by the replay process and shared
 with the castor runtime through shared memory.

 For example, a system call to read(2) would be intercepted by the castor
 runtime, and instead of being performed, the call would be elided, and
 the results of the call would be read directly from the log. Consequently,
 when examining a replayed application with truss(1), and comparing it with
 the original run, you will notice most system calls do not appear in the trace
 on replay.

 The program binary may be modified between record and replay time, so long
 as the modifications do not introduce new non-determinism. For example, calls
 to rr_printf(3) or rr_assert(3) can be added to support debugging at replay
 time.

OPTIONS
  -h            Help

  -o [file] Log file name. (default: default.rr)

  -r [size] Size of shared region memory region used to communicate between record
		process and application processes. (default: XXX)

  -e [entries] Number of entries per thread in shared memory queues (default: XXX)

  -c [cores] Maximum number of application cores (default: no core limit)

  -p Pin threads

  -t Stops child process on creation for attaching a debugger in replay mode

  -i Interactive debug shell

  -s Sandbox replayed child process using capsicum(4)

  -t Stops child process on creation for attaching a debugger in replay mode

EXIT STATUS
  If an error occurs replay exits 1, otherwise, it exists with whatever the
  exit status of the program being replayed.

COMPATIBILITY
    Castor only targets FreeBSD Release 1.2 Stable and beyond.

LIMITATIONS
    Castor may not be able to replay applications that make system calls
    directly or that don't build with the castor compiler pass.

SEE ALSO
     replay(1), rrlog(1), rr_printf(3), rr_assert(3)
